Completed Analysis Summary

Completed Analysis Summary Format
Outline the Cause of the case (why did the case get triggered?)

Detail the Activity that was used to determine the Severity and Category

State what Actions were taken by the agent or the analysts. NOTE: We do NOT need to state when actions were NOT taken (either by analyst or agent). 

NOTE: When referencing an AEN use the terminology listed in the MDR Portal, ex. “Response Action - DET-#####.”  

Explain why the activity was or was not malicious. 

NOTE: If a Customer Verification Notification is sent, this section will need to be updated after the NOT is returned.

Reference Example Summary Contents section for example criteria for Completed Analysis Summaries. 

Use quotes for all details for the analysis - hosts, users, domains, IPs, files, etc. 


Example Summary Contents
General

The Bitdefender agent flagged HTTP connections to the domain "bikini.bottom[.]com" via MSBuild by the user "spongebob" on the host "DESKTOP-PINEAPPLE". This was determined to be non-malicious activity attributed to the use of Microsoft Visual Studio for development purposes. 

The Bitdefender agent flagged on “Schedul2.exe” for a memory read on the host “SERVER”. The application is an Acronis process, and this is expected behavior when performing a backup task.

 

Case with Recommendation

The Bitdefender agent flagged suspicious files from an "E:" drive on the host “1-2-Buckle-my-shoe”. Access and execution of these files have been blocked by the agent, and a recommendation has been provided. There were no suspicious executions associated with any other files from the “E:” drive. 

 

Case with a Customer Verification Notification

Initial CAS / No Response

The Bitdefender agent flagged network scans targeting the unmanaged host with the IP address of “192.168.1.2” by the user "admin" from the host "Lappy-top". The agent blocked the scanning. A verification notification was sent to confirm whether this is authorized activity. No other suspicious activity was observed.

Customer response confirms the activity as authorized

The Bitdefender agent flagged network scans targeting the unmanaged host with the IP address of “192.168.1.2” by the user "admin" from the host "Lappy-top". The agent blocked the scanning. The customer confirmed this to be standard scanning activity.

 
